chore: add example with oxlint (#83842)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-oxlint/README.md

# Oxlint Example

This example shows how to configure [Oxlint](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter) to work with a Next.js application.

Linting via Oxlint in this example includes type-aware linting through the `oxlint-tsgolint` integration, which is [in technical preview](https://oxc.rs/blog/2025-08-17-oxlint-type-aware.html) at the time of writing.

> In Oxlint's config, the [`.oxlintrc.json`](./.oxlintrc.json), the plugins `react`, and `nextjs` are enabled, which are [rust-based Oxlint plugins](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins.html#supported-plugins) that ported rules from the corresponding ESLint plugins to Oxlint. In addition, the default plugins `unicorn`, `oxc`, and `typescript` are enabled by default.

Reviewer: the docs say; "Setting the plugins field will overwrite the base set of plugins." https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins#enabling-plugins-in-a-configuration-file

Reviewer 2: Uh yeah

> Setting the plugins field will overwrite the base set of plugins. **_The plugins array should reflect all of the plugins you want to use._**

Even the config at oxlint's repo, https://github.com/oxc-project/oxc/blob/main/oxlintrc.json#L4 has `typescript`, `unicorn` and `oxc` explicitly declared. Let's fix this in the README, and update the plugins in the configuration too.

Author: I should not make changes this late at night 😂

> In Oxlint's config, the [`.oxlintrc.json`](./.oxlintrc.json), the plugins `react`, `unicorn`, `typescript`, and `nextjs` are enabled, which are [rust-based Oxlint plugins](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins.html#supported-plugins) that ported rules from the corresponding ESLint plugins to Oxlint. Also, the `oxc` plugin is enabled, which provides additional rules specific to Oxc, as well as some rules ported over from deepscan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [`.oxlintrc.json`](./.oxlintrc.json), the plugins `react`, `unicorn`, `typescript`, `nextjs`, and `oxc` are enabled. 

The first four are [Rust-based Oxlint plugins](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins.html#supported-plugins) that port rules from the corresponding ESLint plugins.  

The `oxc` plugin provides Oxc-specific rules along with some rules ported from Deepscan.
```
